README.md, before:

noahbrenner.github.io
=====================

Repo for Noah Brenner's portfolio page.

View Noah's portfolio at: https://noahbrenner.github.io

Building
--------

Currently, only images are generated programmatically, though this is likely to change.

The generated images are several different sizes (8 as of this writing) of several different filetypes (`.webp` and `.jpg`) of several different images (4 as of this writing). That adds up to (or multiplies up to?) a lot of generated files, so it can take a while and can eat up a lot of resources in the process. I plan to improve this soon by using [Bluebird](https://github.com/petkaantonov/bluebird/) Promises with their built-in concurrency limiting.

### Install dependencies

To generate the images, you'll first need to install:

* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) >= 7.6
* [GraphicsMagick](http://www.graphicsmagick.org/README.html#installation)

With Node installed (and thus [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), which comes with it), you can locally install the other project dependencies. After cloning this repo, just run:

```bash
cd path/to/local/repo
npm install
```

Optionally, you might install [runjs](https://github.com/pawelgalazka/runjs) globally. This is a lightweight task runner with less overhead than gulp but more versatility than raw npm scripts:

```bash
npm install --global npmjs
```

### Generate images

If you've installed `runjs` globally, just run this in your terminal:

```bash
run images
```

If you didn't install `runjs` but you have [npx](https://github.com/zkat/npx) installed (which comes with npm v5.2.0 and later, so you probably have it if you've installed Node.js 8.2.0 or later):

```bash
npx run images
```

Or you can always run it directly from the `node_modules` directory:

```bash
./node_modules/.bin/run images
```

* * *

To see a full list of the defined tasks, you can simply run the following (or one of the variants shown above for calling `runjs`):

```bash
run
```

Commit message:

Add build process boilerplate
At this point, the build process does nothing but copy files from `src/`
to `dist/`.  We're starting with a proof of concept for deploying to
GitHub Pages using Travis CI.

README.md, after:

noahbrenner.github.io
=====================

Repo for Noah Brenner's portfolio page.

View Noah's portfolio at: https://noahbrenner.github.io

Building
--------

Currently, images are generated separately from the rest of the site content because they're hosted separately. The build process and hosting will be unified soon.

The generated images are several different sizes (8 as of this writing) of several different filetypes (`.webp` and `.jpg`) of several different images (4 as of this writing). That adds up to (or multiplies up to?) a lot of generated files, so it can take a while and can eat up a lot of resources in the process. I plan to improve this soon by using [Bluebird](https://github.com/petkaantonov/bluebird/) Promises with their built-in concurrency limiting.

### Install dependencies

Make sure the following are installed:

* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) >= 7.6
* [GraphicsMagick](http://www.graphicsmagick.org/README.html#installation) (only required for building images)

With Node installed (and thus [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/), which comes with it), you can locally install the other project dependencies. After cloning this repo, just run:

```bash
cd path/to/local/repo
npm install
```

Optionally, you might install [runjs](https://github.com/pawelgalazka/runjs) globally. This is a lightweight task runner with less overhead than gulp but more versatility than raw npm scripts:

```bash
npm install --global npmjs
```

### Build main website content

The following command will build the website in the `dist/` directory:

```bash
npm run build
```

### Generate images

If you've installed `runjs` globally, just run this in your terminal:

```bash
run images
```

If you didn't install `runjs` but you have [npx](https://github.com/zkat/npx) installed (which comes with npm v5.2.0 and later, so you probably have it if you've installed Node.js 8.2.0 or later):

```bash
npx run images
```

Or you can always run it directly from the `node_modules` directory:

```bash
./node_modules/.bin/run images
```

* * *

To see a full list of the defined tasks, you can simply run the following (or one of the variants shown above for calling `runjs`):

```bash
run
```
